day one it's playlist live day at least
it's open every one day it's absolutely
beautiful and we're not going in
real oh you really want to trust
something called real phone
try to get backstage
you guys are just looking playlist I'd
you guys audience leg they really let
themselves go yeah they're just a bigger
in person race no I saw them like I saw
them a few months ago after they just
okay it's day three this is where we're
at on day three this is almost gone I'm
shorts are happening no judging today
Thursday
she's literally what's watching
margaritis meet up look at him audience
compelled we're uh credit in the pool 97
now it's really high stakes stuff right
hence why one payment yeah well after
that there's nothing to worry it try to
be right here we go
well that was immediate
you